Hey guys and
welcome to the Stream
revealing my
face we'll start soon So if you
're watching this it's probably because
the Stream has already ended so you can either
cheat and fast forward if you want to
see what my youtuber Avatar looks like or
stay to see how we're doing here
Chatting
anyway it's going well no yes I'm
doing well Yes I am doing
well
p
[Music]
p What's up guys How are you How are you
How are
you I'm going to put the chat for everyone
okay
so
that everyone can comment Thanks
to all the members of the Channel to all of you who
are members here I
appreciate it a lot and I send you a
super big kiss I'm going to inhabit the chat for
everyone and when I reveal the Avatar I'll
inhabit it again just for members so we can
read you
okay the new members and all the
members who renew big kiss
Thank you so much Today is finally coming the newer Avatar is coming You're
going to see You're going to see the truth is
that It's really cool
we're going to let V let the
people in and when people start coming
Then we do the reveal e  delux so
handsome Dallas I hope everything is
okay I can't wait to see the new you and a
revelation is coming Thank you so much grandx I
love you a million Yes I also really want you to
see the new me the
truth is I really want to guys all
the members don't forget to enter the
discord subscriber chat you
have it down below in the description
discord.gg baradas I highly,
highly recommend you enter because we have the best
community there I recommend a
billion times to enter
our discord community say the
description How are you
How are you handsome a
total remodel of your skin is coming
thoughtful face face crying with laughter a
hug What is a total remodel What do you
mean I didn't understand very well I send you
bit Thank you very much Hello handsome what a
red heart How are you It's been a while since I saw you
big kiss Thank you for being here
a million e queen queen in my
heart what a joy to see you right almost
on my birthday big kiss queen Thank you
very much beautiful Thank you for
being here How old are you I send you
beautiful Thank you so much
huge kiss Hello handsome I know I don't see you but no  I
have doubts, we love you beautiful.
Thank you so much, kisses. Marce. I love you
so much, gorgeous. It's good to see you
here. I love seeing the names and
always here, there are so many guys.
Thank you so much for being here. I've
never paid for an artist to
do
r34 before, but you're forcing me to do it with
the new Avatar, you're going to like it. I'm not going to
miss this live, you're going to like it,
believe me, you're going to like it. An
incredible girl did it. She really contacted me out of the
blue on Instagram and said, Hey, if you
want, I'll give you an afternoon, barbecue, and I
said, man, if I do it, I think it's
incredible. The truth is that the girl
does an impressive job. She did it in
Just One Day and it really turned out brutal
and it also has different emotions. You
'll see it as soon as I reveal the Avatar,
which right now you can't see, but when you
see it, I'm going to show you the different
emotions it has. Now it's
epic, I'm really telling you, it
's amazing. And when my
voice is a little better because right now I
can't breathe through my nose, it's
horrible, well, you'll see it even better.
really thank you guys I'm
so happy to see my usual people here
and I appreciate you all so much for
being here we really love you a lot
thank you so much we really
love you a
billion Thank you Fabiana big kiss
Thank you so much How are you You so much gorgeous
enor a remodel is when they update the
skin of a character in a game it was
a joke I'm excited let's
see it face to hand hugging Yes
then yes then a remodel of my
normal skin I will definitely be using it
for a while until it's not
so swollen Because right now I'm
super swollen the truth and to explain
something that I didn't explain in the video because
obviously I haven't had surgery yet, let's
explain something here that has really
been an experience
Ugh curious let's say now I'll explain you You're going
to freak out with what happened the operation is
a bird it's a plane it's a little dalasita and its
very big viper we love you so much
gorgeous And how good to see you here
really I love you a million gorgeous
Thank you so much for being here really I
love you a lot
B BC is my
heart Hello  my little dalasito how are you I
love you my boy throwing kisses big kiss
Vica precious I love you a lot
gorgeous and I send you a huge kiss
Wow guys we are almost 10,000 people now
Thank you so much when should I do the
reveal when we get how many
viewers should I do the reveal of the
new dalasito bber when do you think is
a good number tell me the chat I read you
thank you so much and a
really big kiss guys I am
so happy to see the same faces here
or rather the same names
Sorry I am so happy to see you
here for me it is an honor it is an
incredible satisfaction to see you
here and to know that you love me so much
yend who returned to the live shows
miito several things one How was the
post-
operative week did you like the casting three you
can now see with both eyes I hope to see how
handsome you looked soon thanks elas I
thank you so much let's see yes not in part
now I will explain a little because there were
some complications that should not
occur and there was another complication also
in my abdomen that came out  bubble
the size of balls I hope you are
well after the operation do not forget to
rest thanks for the videos that you
are taking us these days they are super
entertaining handsome heart praised is what I
carry on that is the worst of
all
honestly you handsome even without seeing your
face your beauty is missed
Thank you very much A kiss
Thank you very much both of you recover soon
very big kiss precious I have a lot of skin
and thank you very much so beautiful You are so beautiful
Fabiana Fabiana my
heart Hello the first super message I did not
put anything
Hahaha I hope you are recovering well
thank you very much Fabiana Yes now explain a
little because the truth is that it has
been a somewhat hard process I think I will
stop for a moment it is a bird it is a
plane esit very big kiss pu
gorgeous you a Bill I send you a kiss
[Music]
F my
heart Hello my little bow how are you I
love you my precious how long has it been since you
saw me I love you a million precious and
thank you very much for being here I send you
a huge kiss Thank you very much my boy
now I love you a lot V donate myself Haha  It's that
YouTube never notifies me of
the Streams, it's very annoying, I
really missed sending you messages, I hope you
recover soon, beautiful red heart,
thank you Chane, gorgeous I love you
so much and thank you for being here,
remember that I'm doing live broadcasts on
W the game, guys. Hello handsome. How are you
still a long time without stopping by here? I
love you very much. I hope you're well, a long time,
your name, I'm very much here
again, my
heart, thank you Mili, gorgeous, I'll give you
something. Ah, how exciting, very big, welcome
guys, all the members, all the
new ones too, Mili, you are all very
welcome to the discord subscribers chat.
We have a discord chat only
for those over 18 years old, which you have in
the description and you can enter and do
one, that is, be in a community with me, we
were also playing Mario Kart.
By the way, a few days ago we were
playing Lizzy and I were totally out of
Stream eh with the people in the chat, so I
highly recommend entering, you have it in the
description, just look at the
discord description.  baradas we have a
kind of group where we can talk not
like Kimberly Aiza's Okay that is
a total scam without a
real group Where we talk and play and things
like that I gave the description you are I
spend my time talking to my girlfriend about you and I already
told her everything she doesn't speak Spanish by the
way would you do a collaboration with nin since you
are well probably it could be
done something could be done maybe
although she is lost in the hand of
God thank you A kiss gorgeous
beautiful things Thank you very much Here gorgeous
so much Thank you beautiful thrill to see you I
adore you I send you a kiss my girl and
also there are always the
Wal the game streams and I highly recommend
bringing the W the game streams it is the
channel I use for games but I
am also using it for streams lately
to go to the main stream channel
ent I highly recommend entering the
Wal game streams you have them in the
W game Channel basically you already
know it many e Natalia gorgeous
thank you I can't wait for
these weeks to go by quickly and to see your new
face I love you very much my boy  beautiful
my God I send you
kisses I wanted to play Mario Kart too and I did
n't get to download it super sad and
Well if you've already done it we're going to continue
playing some games these days
okay I'm recovering So if
you're in the discord subscriber chat I
highly recommend eh
follow the instructions and we can play
Mario Kart together you have it in the
description and we're always doing a
lot of things If not Mario Kart put
a lot of
things in my
heart Hello beautiful how good that you're
back in the live smile the
truth is seeing those tweets in which you
said that you couldn't see well with one
eye scared me a little I love you already handsome
How beautiful to have you here
again kisses beautiful and thank you so much so
handsome How good to see you here
Sorry for not having answered you when I
told you but I mean When you posted the
tip but it's that I had a lot of things at
that moment and I didn't have time to answer you
Thank you very much beautiful do you think that seeing
your new face is our gift This
Christmas bu well it's a good question is
that Uf  eh I don't know the truth is I don't know it's just that
look, I'm going to tell you okay I'm going to
tell you I'm going to tell you it turns out that there
were several complications that
shouldn't have happened one of them
was a very strong gesture that I made and my
eye uh like a ball okay And the
problem was that uh my neck swelled up a lot
uh they touched me without warning and I got
scared from the pain And then my
eye started to swell swell swell and
bleed it was crazy I literally
cried blood okay you could say that I
literally cried blood and not from watching
videos of de la Jeri and Well basically
uh my eye swelled up a lot an
outrage and and that was a
pretty bad complication because of which I couldn't see out of my
eye for well uh the first
five or so days I couldn't even
open it on the one hand and then on the other
hand what happened is that I told you in the
video that they removed fat from my
belly not to do liposuction
on my belly but to  inject the
fat into my face then they will remove a
little bit of fat from there to put it
on my face the thing is that they put
like some bandages on my stomach and
uh basically oh God I feel terrible now
I'm going to go for a moment to drink water Okay and
basically I had a reaction and
a bubble formed as if it were a fist
huge it's horrible the truth is a
very ugly thing and well there have been different
complications and very handsome you are
beautiful It's good to know that you are
well, you are loved greetings to
Thank you very much handsome you big
precious Hi Dalas my name is Azu I have
donated to you very very few times because of how
complicated the situation is in
Argentina but I wanted to do it this time
to wish you the best for the operation I
love you very much the first thing is you don't
put anything that you can't afford
Remember that the first thing is always you so
always keep that in mind
Azu I really appreciate it and if you
want to make the most of your Money I
recommend you enter the discord chat you
have it in the description eh with
any subscription be it here or on
patreon or wherever you can eh
perfectly be in  the chat of more1 and we
do a lot of things oh
my God Thank you very much anonymous who
are you your name
Ah in Switzerland yes you are the girl
this one I remember I remember yes Ah what was your
name well no because there were several
girls in Switzerland now that I think about it there were
several girls in Switzerland eh bu I don't
remember But put your name next
time three weeks with your nose all
covered and I speak just like you Haha here in
Switzerland it has snowed and everything has carf too I
wanted to ask you if you were thinking of having
another party like the last time
because I would really like
lots of fitos in my
heart handsome how good to be able to
hear you how long do you think you'll be being a tuer
because until my face recovers I don't
know maybe three weeks a month two there are
many fanarts coming with that Avatar two
hearts ps I also hope the
recovery is quick face in love
because we will be missing you
Thank you so much Abi I appreciate you so much
huge kiss Thank you so much Dead
Thank you for being so pretty and for loving me
so much guys you really are the
best give me a moment I'm going to get some
water  that my throat is getting dry
in the kill is going to sleep Well at the
end of everything Dallas you're going to be under
my Christmas tree Don blushing blushing
face blushing face
blushing face Thank you so much beautiful I would
love to be able to do it for Christmas
Honestly I would love it very much it's very
exciting my first contribution
to my favorite artist I'm a veteran since
your animated video about him Thank you so much I
send you a huge kiss
Thank you so much big kiss no
ol
discord ya mual I already want to kiss the whole
screen I'll show it when
we're at least
halfway through
hurt red heart advance message
Thank you very much I send you a
huge kiss
first time I'm on one of your live shows I
always watch them since they're over
crying hard face crying
hard face crying hard face
crying hard I love your videos
Since I started following you in 2016 you're very
welcome the description reigns in my
heart I'm turning 21 it's December 4th
but here in Honduras it's still
TR Getting to the important thing I'm very happy
to hear you well for some reason I'm
well mentally prepared and calm not to  see your
face in a certain data the best is yet to
come kiss mark mark
Thank you so much beautiful queen I send you barme
happy Congratulations on 21 years guys
Happy birthday to Queen Thank you so much
beautiful and I send you a kiss in
Thank you so much Happy birthday I
always forget to put my name
face with a cowboy hat the
seritos tip Thank you so much Ilenia beautiful
and I send you a big kiss precious It's
too bad you're sick and I hope
you recover very soon I send you a
kiss precious And many many many
thanks okay guys give me a moment please while
I go get some water okay the bath he's
going to sleep as you can see now he's asleep
because I'm not showing my face like that
when he's like this you know it's because he's
asleep So I'm not
in front of the computer right now I'm going to get some
water d just a moment
guys
[Music]
happy to see you even if it's in a
different way a big hug less than
three
Thank you so much here
I am Thank you so much mono How are you
beautiful how long has it been since I
saw you let's see if  catch the face Pa the
face
please don't catch me don't catch it
Hi Uy Why doesn't she want to catch my
face but well she doesn't want to catch it
what happened
[Music]
moment Hi handsome this is my first
donation for the silhouette delber I see that it's
going to be handsome just like you beautiful
heart stick my goodness you've gone
so far
Thank you I really send you a
big kiss and thank you very much mar
if the ch of discord subscribers
tell me please because that way I give you a
special Rank so that you are always
chat discord subscribers and you
can never leave pora Mari chat
discord subscribers tell me and that way I can give you the
special raco I send you a gorgeous
Thank you so much enor
thank you so much maruchi Thank you so much
gorgeous Thank you so much I don't forget
discord and tell me your id for esp
I can finally get into other direct sets I
'm always busy I hope you
recover soon two hearts two
hearts Thank you very much maruchi You've
gone so far What are you busy with
if a little more of you if  do you feel like
Maruchi gorgeous Thank you so much
tell me your discord name please so
that way I can give you uh
special rank and that way you can always be in
the discord subscriber chat
Even if you don't have an active subscription
baruchi Don't forget to enter the
discord chat and tell me your ID so I
can give you special rank please And thank you
Lisy
gorgeous again a lot and yes the truth
is that bber's avatar is very pretty
eh you're going to like it you're going to like it now
soon you'll see it I'm going to take a
screenshot to publish it on social media okay eh
And so I'm letting
people know for a moment that I'm going to take a
screenshot and
like that Ah where
are you Here you are Ah Ah
Ah okay I'm going to
upload it okay in a moment I'm going to
upload it to different networks so that
people can
see it there are 11,000 of us Thank you
very much guys Tez I really appreciate it soon we'll do the great
[Music]
Lili in my heart my Dallas I've been
following you for a million years and this is the
first time that  I see you live at my
work I love you Thank you so much
Liliana I send you a kiss gorgeous
continue with a little bit of yourself What do you do or
work
Thank you a little bit you do what you work
those
things
give it to me I'm going to put your Avatar as a
Christmas tree decoration
red heart Thank you if you do things
please if you do fanarts or anything
with my Avatar I would love to see like that
eetad please it's my first time taming
going since
2016 you are one of the main figures that I
admire and I want you to know that you
are an example for me you are appreciated and
respected tomorrow is my birthday
Congratulate me Of course Congratulations in
advance Alexis How old is your birthday
tell me if you want V big handsome And
thank you so much Alexis congratulations
in advance Keep it up kisses good luck with your
language exam and thank you nii if you do
things guys like fanarts or
whatever eh tagad To be able to see it I would
love to see what you do with the
new Avatar I would love it very much okay I'm
going to  post it on Twitter one moment
11000 people in 19
minutes waiting for the big
Dallas comeback
bber come in
now Hi dalasito handsome I'm an
nsf artist W we have to eat and I wanted to
ask you if you give me a chance to do
a drawing on your av Of course jiro of
course and make sure that he
sees it please I would love to you
can make all the drawings you
want Thank you
very much jiro I really appreciate it Send it to me of
course make sure that he
sees it I already posted it here and I'm going to
post it on
Instagram
Hey guys we're on YouTube right now
eh doing a live okay So come
in because I'm about to reveal my
new Avatar vtuber right now it says
in black because I haven't revealed it yet and I will
reveal it live so that you all can
see the new face that will
accompany you in the next videos for this
entire month until I recover and my
face is okay So come I'll wait for you click on
the link here and you can enter I'll
wait for you so you can see  you will be the
first to kill youtuber I'm
really excited for you to see it so far
guys we are right now how bad my
voice sounds It's
ugly how bad my voice sounds it's hor
pink losos vos
of
[Music]
things only with you handsome no my face
smiling with superiority By the way you didn't
tell me if you liked the casting and if you
can see with both eyes eyes Elias
yes I did read it but I'm not very
sure what casting you're referring to
right now you're referring to the
Editors' one because there were a lot of people and I don't
know which one is yours So I
'm not very sure the truth
eh if I answered yes it is yes but I can't
tell you right now Oh I remember
Elias I remember what you told me in
one of the past videos is it true no I didn't
get to see it I didn't get to see it
where did you send it to me I didn't get to
see it Sorry sorry I didn't get to see it I'm
sorry Elias it's that you caught me right
at a moment when I had a
lot of things on my mind and I didn't
get to see it but yeah  it's true now I
remember Elias I remember that you
sent it to me it's true and no no I didn't
get to see it I didn't get to see it I'll
see if I can see it and I'll
tell you something remind me of the One game live shows
when there are less people you can leave I hope you're
eager to see your Avatar please say
hello to my sister Cristel and her boyfriend
Anuar ps she asked me for a hangout
for your little sister Cristel and her boyfriend Anar how
beautiful you look I really miss you
Thank you for being here and thank you so
much guys it's preferable that you use
the link in the description because the
super chat doesn't always ring okay I
love your videos for years it
seems you were part of my education
kisses Thank you very much apparently Well I don't
know tell me if I was part or if I wasn't
part seen big Mili gorgeous V I
thank you a lot what was I to you
or rather what was I part of your education
if you tell me I would love to know
gorgeous And thank you so much and
welcome to the live shows guys all
the new ones no  Don't forget that you are super
invited to the Discord subscriber chat, you
have it in the description, okay,
Discord.  baradas I highly,
highly, highly recommend you to enter we have a community
for me is 18 years old
we do activities outside of the
live shows outside of the videos the other day we
were playing Mario Kart together
then I highly recommend you to enter You
have it in the description and it's for
men 18 years old okay And it's like a group but
a real group not like
Kimberly's where she's only going to say her
nonsense and only to her it's a
real group 10 years being a
silent subscriber thanks for keeping me company
so many times Thanks Pablo I send you a
big kiss Thank you so much 10
years since you met me in 2013 with you
met me Pablo Thank you so much I really
appreciate it I send a huge kiss And
thank you so much if you don't mess with my voice It's that I
don't breathe through my
nose I had to have my septum opened I already
told you in the video I have a very ugly voice I'm
sorry You'll see you'll see you're going to like
the Avatar you're going to like the Avatar a lot you're
going to like the Avatar a lot You're going to  let's
see You'll see and when my
voice is better you'll like it even more
because right now oh
my goodness I sound so bad it's horrible It's not
that I have a cold it's that I have it so
swollen Hello Dallas Greetings from
Mexico I've been following you for years and I
love your content kisses Thanks Jo
tell us a little more about yourself What do you do what do you have
Thank you so much Don't
forget to enter discord guys you have it in
the
description hit
my
heart hellos How good to see you
live again recently I realized
that it's Thanks to you that I don't drink alcohol
or have tried drugs I'm very happy
blessed critical thinking I am grateful to
have someone like you in my life much
I am very happy well done well done I
like it that way I like it that way I am
very happy to positively influence
you it is one of the things that I
like the most in the world and that makes me very very very happy to
know it
So now that it makes me very happy and I
send you a very big kiss
thank you very much really
Oh damn nose It's that I had surgery on my
septum as I told you before And
I'm super bloated it's a Crazy crazy
exaggerated I have a lot of spots llas the
Avatar guys we are almost 13000 people we are
almost 13000 people when do you want me to
do the reveal when do you want
me to do the reveal what do you say
how much how many
Elias Thank you very much A quiet kiss
King ename I will remember you red heart last thing you have
not been these days of
live to talk about the last
videos sleepy face you have a series of
voices based destroying with everything k and
fire Thank you very much elas very handsome to see
Queen bears vo
madness I don't know what
you mean What does
that mean the mythical phrase of
what Blue
Label What is that does not sound familiar to me You're welcome
guys link in the description better
because the super chat does not sound raca I
thank you very much I spent my
adolescence with you Haha I remember
following you for the video you made about
abortion I got hooked and I remember that I
always put your videos in the background
while I was doing homework I continue to do so sdk
NF Thank you very much Lis very pretty I am sending you a
donation thank you very much tell us  a
little bit more about you if you want where are you from
How old are you and what do you
study or what do you do
meelis Thank you
so much I really appreciate it Okay guys what do we do at 15k
at 15k Face reveal what do we do what do you
say yeah no
to you we'll never make it in
life that's impossible never say a
Stream in my
[Music]
life Hey precious
The rewards for the tips are still enabled
I'm really excited for
it I mean I don't have a position
if you want you
want in my
heart Hello I've been following you for more or less 8
years I'm from Puerto Rico I really like
your content I could tell you a
story that recently my best
friend betrayed me but the context doesn't fit me
I'm going through a
very sad time it was very unfair a
hug what a drama Well let's see if you
want to tell me the gossip I'm here happy
to listen sincerely I tell you eh
So of course tell me everything you
want eh You have to take into
account the characters So summarize it
as more or less as you can you can put
tips of  five If you want not 10
So if you want to put several
fives and tell the story Well yes Of
course I would love to listen and
give you my opinion about that of
course Hi handsome I'm glad that
everything went well in the operation
please the first thing you say as you
are I'm not going to do that I'm not going to do that I'm not
disrespectful
now I'm studying programming by
myself I hope to find a job when I
finish I graduated my dad still wants me to
go to college But well
I'm working at KFC to buy
a car and move when I graduate
big kiss Valentina Well nothing
Very well done already very productive since I was
16 That's how I like taking
responsibilities and doing things That's how
I like it I send you a big applause
Valentina because you are doing very well
and nothing I hope that your dad continues to be a
good tuber
and lets you do what you want at the
end of the day you are a person who
can have their rights to value what
you want to do for yourself
Valentina very beautiful and I send you some
great encouragement what is it that  would you like to
do exactly within the
programming issue because many
things can be done within
programming So what would you like to
do specifically within that
world Thank you very much let's see let's
see let's see let's do something Okay
let's do something Uy uy uy uy uy we
're getting close to 14k
we're over 13000 well 13700 we are already
my goodness my goodness ok ok ok okay let's see let's see let's see let's see let's see I'm going to
put it
here
r damn I don't know how to write at
1000 There it
is at 15000 reveal now is when we
never get there imagine
anonymous anonymous in my
heart Dallas a question that I've
wanted to ask you for a few live shows
but I always forget have you seen
South par and yes G Look in fact I have a
funny story about that Uh
yes I'm going to explain now I'll explain
your videos in general made me
learn various things about life
especially to have better judgment and not
stick with what everyone  I'm
very glad to know that Mili if you want to
tell me something specific, concrete, that has
been something specific I would
love to know m very handsome you are
enormous and look, look, I watched South Park
when I was like 5 years old or something like that
and the thing is
that my parents forbade me to watch it because
obviously it was a show for adults, it
was not a show for children and they literally
forbade me to watch it eh I don't remember if it
was my mother or my father or one of the two
Because the other one let me watch it but my
mother my father one of the two didn't want me to
watch it I think it was my father who did
n't want me to watch it and my mother read the
same but yes after that I haven't seen
much more the truth obviously little I didn't
get the jokes and I have seen some
other loose chapter that I like the
truth not all but some
loose ones that I have seen Fernanda e Thank you
c a kiss Hi since 2014
Thank you very much for being so grateful to your
subscribers please Never change
You are the best cater very beautiful I listen to
Aaron Mercury Aon mercur my
heart to  miss your face dri more alive
than ever face crying with laughter unot
big for you precious from here a
million we have a pending video by the
way what to do that idea is very
good arn came up with it and the truth is
that it is very good you have to see
a lot that I don't send messages I've been following you since
2016 I don't always send bits but I'm
working for a few weeks before
starting
university it's a pleasure to be with you
after so many years health big greeting
to you gorgeous Thank you Jorge I
really like you huge Hehe Blue Label
you are a whiskey that its name became a
meme because a man who pronounced it with
a very hoarse voice in an
interview it was a meme whenever
you want see it x Ah you see the truth is that I
didn't have the slightest idea strup the
truth is I didn't have the slightest idea
thanks for explaining it to me I will look for it I will
look for it because the truth is that I don't have the slightest
idea Thank you very much trup And
thank you Jorge alando donate to me guys I
remind you all of you who are here
new you are very invited to the
discord subscribers chat you have it in the
description  is
discord.gif for over 18s
where we do a ton of things the other
day we were playing Mario Kart
outside of live, outside of videos
just to hang out, to
socialize
in the description I
highly recommend you to enter and I hope you are very
invited you have to link
yours with discord and have an
active subscription within YouTube or
[Music]
Homeland in my
heart I want to take advantage of this message
to thank you for being a person who is
really worth following both in
your work and as a
person I appreciate you very much and having
followed you was the best decision since 2016
forever tm handsome gorgeous tell me
through video you met me beautiful
A lot
[Music]
thanks
sweetheart Hello beautiful I want to undertake and s
programming and Artificial Intelligence
What do you recommend a lot of things
available to do Knowing things about
everything everything is anything you do
vair queas for the invitation to the chat more than
18 dalasito I had already tried to enter
but I was lazy to make the video a
showing
jsjsjsjs log in tomorrow and I will send an
drawing By the way, I named
my dog Argos in your honor, very
big Miri Thank you very much and very bad eh
Laziness can't do that I mean
incredible, it seems disrespectful to me
very
bad Haha I am 20 years old I am barely from
Honduras I am studying graphic design
but separately I am learning
programming I love you kiss am Grand de liis
Well very well and to do What thing in
particular after I mean programming
to do What thing in
particular Mara Jos Mara Jos in my
heart Jos Dallas taking into account
your dedication to self-care do you
personally prefer the
oral irrigator or the thread both thread I can't use the
oral irrigator it hurts a lot I ca
n't stand it I don't know well that he can
handle it well but I can't handle
the irrigator it is too strong that
The truth is thread and sometimes the other one that I know
is like a thread with dots to
put it between your teeth
sometimes in those that you have a little
separated Hello dasas I have a doubt about
how long is the approximate time for your
complete recovery Until when will
we see your pretty face well let's see the
complete time is a year but
for
heart Shadow in my heart Hello I'm
with my partner watching your live and she
's a big fan she's been watching you for many years And
if it were possible I know she would be very
excited if you said hello her name is already yes a
very big hello anao very
big for you shad a few months ago I
was in my room watching your videos on
television when my mother saw you she
said we looked alike because of our
droopy eyes face crying with laughter face
crying with laughter I turned like a tomato
from embarrassment face blushed monkey with
eyes How bad your mother is you know that
mothers are the ones who cause the most traumas and
complexes to their children literally eh I mean
especially to their daughters it's like
mothers have a need to be
criticizing and it's like dude I have
your genetics my faults are your faults
Okay and ideal they have like an
exaggerated need mothers are criticizing their
sons and daughters all day long
raise your hand from the chat if
your mother has caused you any kind
of trauma or physical complex to you I
'm sure it has happened to many of you
yes yes
yes oh my god I can't do it  can't believe we're already
15,000 we're
15,500 people Oh my
God Oh
my God Oh my God Oh my God Oh my God we're
15,000 that's what that means no guys
great Reve Hi Dallas I've been
at the family business all day and I'm very
tired but watching your videos or live streams
make my day better no matter how DIF it
is I thank you very much and I send you a
huge pile
josefo ready to see this wonder I didn't
know that egame and t had surgery at the
same time go red heart I like that you
sound like
emon it's that he copied me on that eh what a
real guy from Cucu Many
[Music]
thanks chi my
heart chi Hello my love me again
thanks for all your videos I love you
Thanks chi Remember that you are very
invited to the
discord subscribers chat you have it in the
description we have a group 18 years old and we
do a lot of activities together
we play Minecraft we play Mario
Kart we do things to the
description well How good to be able to
catch you live and not just see the
replays that hype with the Avatar
Take care and kisses a lot Thank you
so much beautiful Thank you so much beautiful now comes the
reveal You're going to freak out I have to find
an epic song first give
me a moment I love an epic song to
start an epic from the
[Music]
channel is coming Hi dalasito How good
that everything went well I've been following you since V
de la ballena azul I will try more in the
future I hope the recovery is
quick a huge greeting thanks Valeria
big kiss
beautiful let's go
guys in
[Music]
proco my goodness it's coming it's
coming guys it's coming it's
coming the reveal my goodness
let me publish this this is a
historic moment please it is a
historic moment my goodness this is historic
historic one moment okay I
have to publish this one
moment I can't wait to see the and to
see the final result of your
operation Thank you so much for thinking
so much about
subscribers and now with the chat for
investors
my goodness guys we are 17000 people
waiting for the r see you now my goodness my
goodness
[Music]
together guys that I didn't get to read
sorry let's see  Sorry I'm going to read the
people who posted forgive me Thank you sweet
gorgeous How are you It's so good to see you
here tons precious I'm sending you sweet Thank you so much
moment I post it again
on
Instagram 17,000 people I didn't think
we'd reach that many in fact I thought maybe we did
n't even reach
15,000 God I'm seeing you from Mel and I'm
lost I'm a member I don't know let's see well
you have to see there to see if you're there
if you're a member or not you're a member if not
you can be inside patreon also you
also have access to the
discord subscriber chat And if you can
talk in the chat right now it means
you're a member okay guys
the music started weird This is not what I
wanted okay guys Now yes Now yes it's coming it's coming it's
coming okay wait a moment How
nervous it's
coming it's coming it's coming
How nervous my goodness my goodness
what's coming graci Rito a kiss my goodness my goodness my goodness there are
19,000 of us
wait a moment guys wait a
moment please I have to
publish it there are 19,000 of us  numbers oh my god we're
19,000 people
about to see my Avatar I can't even
believe it go
kill oh my god we're here about to
kill oh my god almost 200,000 people already oh
my god my god my god
[Music]
mine we're going up we're going up we're going
up
mine to publish this and now we're more
than
200,000 more than 200,000 people
[ __ ] pissing my hair hair
kill Let's go now yes I'll reveal it
Now yes I'll do it more you one
moment I'm going to look for a new song
that's also good moment and with
that we're up
completely
hello How cool less than three God how
exciting kisses and hugs Thank you very much very
great okay one moment
I need
another another
[Music]
song
no
[Music] I ca
n't find similar to the
other Ah yes yes yes one moment one I can I
can contr here it
is
Sorry it's that I have a song
This one is perfect It's good let
's go kiss
music Exactly come on Let's go now s
Now it's coming oh my god what are we
22000 people Oh my
God sorry but this is part two of the
concert should at what point are we supposed
to
scream guys more than 22000 people
waiting for me to see how I find some
music more than 22000 people let's go
now yes it's coming it's coming it's coming Let's go
guys Let's go
[Music]
there those
applause Let's go [Music]
there now we
go up
[Music]
Let's go guys we are here here we
are This is
my
here we are guys this is going to be my
new face
until until I don't know when the truth is until a
long time before I can
recover After this here guys I
really love you all and this is going to
be the new face that you're going to see
in all my videos soon
as you can see it has several emotions
that are specifically made to be
able to Uh well represent a
little bit of what I'm feeling at each
moment but yes This is what you can expect to
see Coming soon inside my
sites But what do you think this is
basically my new
face I feel like it's been like very  epic and
in the end it still remains a but But oh
well I hope you enjoyed it in
this little while you like it tell me yes
please I hope you like it
Thank you l a little kiss I
love it I knew it was going to be just as
handsome as
you the idea was for it to be as
similar to the original as possible it was made by a
truly wonderful girl And thank you so much
cheri is a girl named
cheri and she does some absolutely
incredible things I'm going to leave her there on
discord later so you can
check it out And thank you so much cheri I
really appreciate you a lot thank you
for making this incredible batar pu mando
Grand Thank you so much l beautiful I
send you my Thank you Jess gorgeous
Thank you so much but how handsome I love love love I
'm having a good time
I'm going to put on some music
Elevator is here Let's see if there is
something very
deor Hello dalasito I do
n't know if you still remember me because I haven't been
able to be so active I hope you
recover soon and thank you for continuing to
motivate me now that I'm in the
biotechnology career purple heart
Thank you so much  I love you Rivera and I hope your
biotechnology career goes super well I send you a huge kiss
Thank you so much it was time to become SIM of
Dallas Oh no I already was jaj How handsome he
is Thank you so much delux I thank you so
much handsome and thank you for saying such
nice things I thank you
so much precious big kiss I love you so
much well it has several emotions there is
the one of Wow this is incredible he likes
the emotion of now you
shield me Thank you
mirito like the real Dallas Thank you very much
Miri very beautiful you are so very big Thank you so much thank you er very
handsome I
love you so much you are beautiful epic box
Thank you precious I love you a lot and
thank you very much for being here you are so very
handsome Give me a
big kiss very handsome then there is the one of
my god How sad then there is the one of I [ __ ]
on
everything then there is also the one of how disgusting
please Dallas yell at me how disgusting you are
please hands in prayer of course yes what are you
No here No how disgusting you are very
beautiful Thank you very much precious I
send you  shine and thank you so much for being here a
lot beautiful and thank you so much for
everything You are the best Thank you for those 10
tips thank you so much precious I send you
huge kisses
so many lailla lots and after
being here for so long to see so much who
so many and so many Thank you so much much much much much much much much much much much much
Thank you so much
beautiful complexion a lot and thank you so much beautiful I really appreciate you so
much Thank you so much share I am so glad you like it beautiful really
thank you so much share beautiful Avatar I
love it Hahaha red heart red heart
if it were still possible the message on
instagram I would like that my ar is the same
aanep deane beautiful eh I never offered a
message on insta  ram eh What do you
mean by that I never sent a message on
Instagram What do you mean by that you
mean a comment that's
possible gorgeous
you look beautiful I really love you very much I
really have already finished the semester and I'm
halfway through my psychology degree I've
had some very tough internships
emotionally Well I've worked with
children who have suffered abuse at home
anyway I love you big kiss
gorgeous I love you very much and I send you a
kiss The Mafia right a lot Thank you
beautiful I send you a kiss gorgeous
Thank you so much Wait my eyes are not
catching them well I already missed you so
handsome there's Avatar for when a
V I
love you thank you so much
my
heart Hello dasas my besti is
going on a trip and we're seeing you on the
way to the
airport send her greetings and good
wishes her name is Sandra sweetheart ro Grand
for your
friend
thank you so much arm I have to recalibrate because it's that I
wasn't opening my eyes it was never
with a little I don't have to be like this you know It
also has this emotion of my mother
how bad
jaas the comment sorry I got my
wires crossed Ha Of course Channel I
save it for later gorgeous I
thank you so much for putting on
makeup quickly do it today period
Now seriously I love the detail of
the eyebrows in angry sparks It's
beautiful I hope your recovery goes
excellent Take care deito prota of isak you
are beautiful
my mother Thank you so much maruchi I send you a
big kiss beautiful And thank you so much
You've been so very much
Thank you so much beautiful trz a lot you've been
exaggerated I have no way of
dancing with the Avatar But well I do it like this
thanks I appreciate it very much gorgeous Thank you so much
precious I thank you
[Music]
a lot I'm
going to show you a surprise maruchi
just for
you get
ready precious tuber It's so cool face in
love face in love face
big sea gorgeous a million gorgeous I'm
sending you to pee Look at this
Tell me the definition of
[Music]
maruchi Tell me the definition of maruchi
big kiss gorgeous you agz a lot
well donate to me thank you so much
gorgeous  since I was 11 I finally turned
18 I hope one day I can tell you
My story and why you have been so
important to me the Avatar Thank you so much
stop by Thank you sweet gorgeous
sweet in my
heart guu You never disappoint by throwing
kisses Thank you so much sweet gorgeous I
love you so much and maruchi you have gone all out
Thank you so much per goddess
truly I look so much you have gone
all out Seriously many many thanks
my handsome red heart I love the
Avatar It is very beautiful yes I got desperate
waiting for this reveal I can't
imagine when the Face reveal of the
new face is Haha I love you a thousand
big dress yuki beautiful I love you a
lot my girl Thank you so much for
these beautiful ones loves you very much precious
Sending you huge kisses Hello dalasito you are
a person I admire a lot and I have always
followed your example when it comes to
reflecting but I feel like lately I have
not been sane please
advise me for this eh advise you What
exactly Sorry What is it that I
have to advise you I have been a
bit I don't know what you have referred to  sorry
if you can tell me what I have to
advise because no I'm not feeling
very well Sorry hello Dallas now that you're
making these changes do you think that
What the game will stop copying you Haha
Greetings it's my first
donation well I hope so the truth
because damn game Hello Dallas baby it's
the first time I donate but I've been
watching your videos for about 8 years I met you through
the video of little brat bringing a live fish
now I'm 19 and I live under the
bread visit philosophy Ha much love for you handsome
much love for you too I really
appreciate it I send you a
huge kiss So many
[Music]
thanks a few months ago I met a
girl who is very good and the truth is I
like her too but first she
asks me if she wants something then she says
no and just yesterday she was given with
friends Yeah well eh I
mean let's see Hi Dallas
can you send me and my
friend Jairo a greeting even to Honduras he says he doesn't
watch your videos but I know he's a
closet fan Haha anyway the Avatar was beautiful I
don't miss your videos Thank you very much it
stings my
heart thank you  beautiful
face smiling with
hearts Thank you so much chc gorgeous I
love you so much my girl and I send you a
big kiss gorgeous I thank you so
much You m my huge beautiful e pirat
matter gorgeous Thank you so much I
love you so much beautiful you m my
huge Thank you so much pirat matter I
love you so much gorgeous He is so handsome What a
great job the girl has done he is
just as beautiful as you the drawings are coming
r34 face smiling with superiority face
smiling with heart eyes big kiss
Monica gorgeous and
send you gorgeous I repeat what happened with pily the
same thing happened to me with the whole issue of he
manipulated to the point where it was scary to
see your videos if we did We
were giving you money and truthfulness So we
could never see the other side
luckily I have grown up alive the truth
Thank you so much gorgeous I send you a
kiss gorgeous much than out
there Hello dalasito greetings from Chile
son of a sword swallower stop
ruining my country I have been following you since 2015 I have
always wondered if you have played
Black Mesa and if not  would you play
live anyway greetings and a
kiss because the truth is that I don't know
exactly what it is Eh ul That's how I exp
is interested in now but I'm
starting to practice with games and
simple programs to practice
logic and terms Thank you for inspiring me
And being a good example I admire you
very much maybe in the future I will work
for you if you are interested minor of
course yes Valentina of
course yes I hope so Val
beautiful I send a kiss beautiful And
thank you very much many Stories that
uploaded you can see her in the background with a boy
Apparently holding hands but I ca
n't confirm it because
someone just covered her and I couldn't see it well
but at first impression Uy the truth is
that it looks like I'm going to draw you I
want you in all your forms
Thank you Valentina beautiful kiss
too I thank you very much I send you a
huge kiss Thank you very much Valentina I
thank you very much and the truth
sincerely u friends tell me that you love me
face upside down I swear I'm not toxic
fan
smiling face I love you big kiss Liliana
agco very beautiful  I send you a
kiss eh the truth if you suspect it's that there is
well that I was able to see the premiere
dalasito I love it red heart face
in love face dalasito
misses me Cab big kiss thank you
very much s I send you a very big kiss
Thank you very much beautiful I send you a
big kiss and thank you for which I
thank you so much
Thank you very much eh about the boy who suspected
about the girl what was your name
eh it passed me by
Sorry Where is Jorge Jorge here I'll
tell you one thing eh very clearly if you
suspect it's definitely because there is
something I'll make it very clear to you if in doubt
100% something is happening don't
have the slightest doubt
definitely something is
happening definitely
100% I'm very sorry to tell you but Yes something is
definitely happening don't
have the slightest doubt it's that it is like that it is like that
Uf Oh God Okay guys like I was
saying before
eh
you're all very invited
discord subscribers you have it in the description
okay discord.  baradas I highly recommend you to
join, we have a chat for
those 18 and over if you want to be in it I
highly recommend it to the
people who want to be part of this
wonderful community we have
all kinds of get-togethers from meeting in person
sometimes other people do it. I've also
done it with some of the people who have been
in the chat for years
eh you can also be in the games
we make of Mario Kart and other things
we do too tacito I've been
watching you since the 5 and po
Bridge videos I would like if you could send
a greeting to my girlfriend her name is osia and we
always watch your videos smiling face
and Bruno you see big and Grand to create
more rare great Bruno thank you very much I have
a lot Thank you so much but
guys I'm going to close the
live now okay it was just to show you s
that I have to get out of there but I think
I need to hear it from you to be able to do it
Thank you very handsome your
tube version I love you thank you very handsome I
send you a kiss Thank you so much I
was hoping for a Dallas with a cap and I got a
Dallas from these bands I will
eagerly wait  the r34 exhausted face sweating face
blushing face hearts Thank you so much and I
send you kisses buta Thank you so much
I love the Avatar too much
expressions it would be nice if even
after your recovery from time to
time you continue to use it because
tremendous work handsome the truth is that
Honestly it has turned out very beautiful
honestly and the truth is that I fell in
love with the bald Dallas I missed you
a lot the Avatar It is very beautiful I think it would be
good to release it with a round
of tiktok of dubious origin I'm dying to
see the videos like this the truth is that s
hest do more live guys you
have them you will have them in one the game Coming
soon okay here eh Thank you very
much handsome you lot
eh As it is saying we will do live
eh every day that we can within
W the game I'm not saying every day but
every day that we can we will do them
within W the game So I
recommend you follow the W game channel I'm going
now I highly recommend you follow the
W game channel because we will be doing the
live eh I'm going to do them with the
Avatar this one  bber because like I said
I'm extremely ugly I have a lot
of bruises a lot of superfas things
on my face So we're going to be
doing them there sorry eh For not showing my
face but it is what it is eh As it is
saying I'm going to show you all the
emotions that I have like this quickly
we have the Super happiness one we have the
Uy I feel blushed one we have the
sad one. Hello dalasito I have a question
When is your operation going to be I read
somewhere that you were going to have one I hope
everything goes well By the way how are you going to record or
do a Direct without showing
the strange x I adore you handsome take care of yourself
good question sucato gorgeous I love you
very much precious delux in my
heart thanks delux I love you very much
I hope to see r soon Ja it
is definitely the best Avatar duty that I saw I hope for
videos and more Directs with this Avatar
less than three less than TR less than TR
Thank you very much much guim you enor
enor Thank you very much we have the
sad one as you can see before we have this
angry one we have the disgusted one. Hello my
dalasito Good to see you again I
love your Avatar le  I love that it has
so many expressions and the
bald Dallas version Hahaha I love you infinitely
two hearts Thank you anonymous
big kiss I thank you so much huge e
ngeles gorgeous How are you beautiful
Dalas beautiful onga it looks so
beautiful it looks moving and the
emotions I love it Hehe I hope you
are recovering well and How can we
meet soon I send you handsome Thank you so
much I really appreciate
this was a declaration of war
crab wedge of cheese anonymous forget to
put your name otherwise I can send you a
greeting I send you we have
the sketch on Twitter quickly
because if not I won't get there x let's see if I
can see it rej I have many
notifications but if I can catch up with it
gorgeous I send a kiss
gorgeous just question
then my
boyfriend to boyfriend I love you a lot and
teasing for you Lu this confused oh
my god this is what is happening and
finally the one with the scarf that I saw
before Tell me the definition of and I will
use this from time to time to say the
definition of
things it is that hom that looks at me and
undresses I ca
n't wait to see videos  angry
because it looks retier how disgusting
you are very big l in my
heart gorgeous I loved being on the
live the vtuber is beautiful if I have
time I will make a fanart I am
in the finals season and I will tag you on
Twitter I love you so much handsome I hope your
recovery goes
excellent or in X now that it will
never be called x but you know the hair
looks like m's wig but it still looks
great I hope you recover friend By
the way, will you talk about the attempt to
cancel Mr. beast for making
water wells in Africa maybe yes maybe
yes very big Thank you so much now
everyone comparing me with my kiss very big
Cristian I look very handsome I send you
beautiful kisses Thank you so much a lot Thank you so much
Okay guys I hope
you liked it the truth is that it
gave me a little bit of the
thought of having to change
the content a little bit let's say because
good content Hi I don't know if you
remember me before my name was moamer and we
played fortnite in 2018 once two
questions for you the first one any
favorite candidate for MX
2024 second I would like  debate with you
about Mexico because I feel that there are things
that
Mexico fails you are great greetings Liliana
beautiful I send you a beautiful kiss
And thank you so much
Look straight into the camera and
tell me something with your
evil face one day I'm going to
regret you very much that you
[Laughs]
know prey a
lot Oh guys Well I'm going to
leave it here because today I've been s s
super full I have recorded two videos I have
edited one I had to drive
a lot Because right now I'm
alone at home and I feel very
sad I'm alone at home Li left me
so nothing did you see the new thing that came out from
sny the thing with the brother is really strong are you going to
make another video Yeah definitely what a disgusting
chick the truth is that it pisses me off
a lot and there will definitely be
another video About it because the truth
is that What a horror honestly So
yes there will definitely be another video about it You'll
see it definitely it's going to
be very good if more guys love you a
lot this is today's video or rather
today's live you will see
The videos with this face coming soon  duty and
nothing queos guys and thank you very much I have been
subscribed to your channel for many years since
the videos where you found errors in
photos
andses kisses already
prate a lot that depends on that
is
one and here for so long really
loves you a lot gorgeous and me so much
and being so wonderful loves you a
million my beautiful girl
Thank you so much Okay guys let's say
goodbye Now Thank you very much maruchi
for that number one place the truth is
that you have gone too far how
amazing I really appreciate you very much
beautiful maruchi I am going to write to
see if you give me your discord ID and that
way you can enter the
discord subscribers chat I hope so
but that way you can enter and you have the
role forever how much
gorgeous and many many many many
thanks mann precious I send a
huge kiss many many Many thanks
thanks to pu precious for that second
place you have also gone too far and I
send you a very big kiss gorgeous
really many many thanks I love you
a lot and really thank you very much
butsa thank you ica gorgeous  for that
third place prose for the
live shows and Thank you very much
Thank you agz very much Hi dasas I've been a fan of
yours since I was 11 and now I'm 16 almost
17 send me a greeting my name is B
thank you I love you younger than you are very big
thank you very much I look so
beautiful if you want Don't forget to enter
when you're 18 the
discord chats very beautiful hope Coming soon
for the live shows Don't forget that we have
live shows ename too if you want to
stop by I send you a big kiss
per Thank you very much eh Thank you very much pin very
beautiful Thank you very much l very beautiful Thank you very
much delux
very beautiful thank you very much Thank you reo very beautiful happy buddy
again thank you very handsome And
thank you Fabiana guys I want you a lot much many many many many many many many many many
thank you for being
here see you in more live shows on gu
game don't forget to follow the channel too
and nothing I love you a lot
Thank you very much for being so wonderful with me
thank you for a lot and thank you for being so
wonderful and I love you a lot
too and  remember the next
videos come with this bat nothing guys
We love you so much thanks for being so
wonderful you really are the
best in the world and we'll see you very soon
here in new videos two daily videos
remember one in the review and another in the
invitros and we'll see each other ouch guys I
send you a super big kiss
and I love you very much see you okay Don't
forget two daily videos one here in
review and another one with 1 million and
wonderful you really are the
best in the world and we'll see you tomorrow
okay I know many guys you are the best
in the
world many guys bye bye bye bye
I fall asleep pampered sleep Until tomorrow I
love you very much bye bye much bye bye ch cho
cho thanks maruchi thanks Shane Thanks
inca thanks thanks thanks
delux thanks Nick Thanks re thanks
thanks Fabiana guys I love you
very much